h1. MiniWiki

Small plugin to integrate a wiki in your website.

h2. Requirements
* RedCloth (developed with 3.0.4/4.1.9)

<pre><code>gem install RedCloth</code></pre>
And add the following to your @config/environment.rb@
<pre><code>config.gem 'RedCloth', :lib => 'redcloth', :version => '~> 4.1.9'</code></pre>


h2. Install

# <pre><code>./script/plugin install git://github.com/tompesman/mini_wiki.git</code></pre>
# <pre><code>./script/generate mini_wiki migration</code></pre>
# <pre><code>rake db:migrate</code></pre>
# <pre><code>./script/generate controller wiki</code></pre>
# Make 'MiniWikiController' the super class
# use layout/css from the vendor/plugins/mini_wiki/sample directory

h2. TODO: Routing

<pre><code>  # wiki/new
  map.connect 'wiki/new', :controller => 'wiki', :action => 'new'
  # wiki/create
  map.connect 'wiki/create', :controller => 'wiki', :action => 'create'
  # wiki/list
  map.connect 'wiki/list', :controller => 'wiki', :action => 'list'
  # wiki/search
  map.connect 'wiki/search', :controller => 'wiki', :action => 'search'
  # wiki/recently_revised
  map.connect 'wiki/recently_revised', :controller => 'wiki', :action => 'recently_revised'
  # wiki/PageName
  map.connect 'wiki/:wiki_page', :controller => 'wiki', :action => 'show'
  # wiki/PageName/revision/2
  map.connect 'wiki/:wiki_page/revision/:revision', :controller => 'wiki', :action => 'show'
  # wiki/PageName/setrevision/1
  map.connect 'wiki/:wiki_page/setrevision/:setrevision', :controller => 'wiki', :action => 'setrevision'
  # wiki/PageName/edit
  map.connect 'wiki/:wiki_page/edit', :controller => 'wiki', :action => 'edit'
  # wiki/PageName/update
  map.connect 'wiki/:wiki_page/update', :controller => 'wiki', :action => 'update'</code></pre>

h3. Optionally

you can add the map.root
<pre><code>map.root :controller => "wiki"</code></pre>


h2. Add authentication and username

It's possible to add some security to the wiki, you can override the @authorized?@ and the @username@ method.
The @username@ method will be used as a author when a wiki page is edited. The @authorized?@ will be checked before editing the wiki.

<pre><code>class WikitestController < MiniWikiController
    
  def authorized?
    false
  end

  def username
    'Username'
  end
end
</code></pre>

Copyright (c) 2009 Tom Pesman, released under the MIT license
